so let us
write our recursive function nodesSum which takes the
head of list as parameter and it returns
And integer which will be the sum of elements of
the list
First we need to check if this node is null
or not
If it is not
null we need to call this function again with the
next node and add current nodes data to result of
that recursive call so write if head not equal to null
return head data plus
node sum of head next
And if head node is null then that's our base case
So we need to stop the recursion so we
can return zero
So write return zero and that's it
We have implemented the recursive logic to find the Sum
of Elements of a singly linked list.